WILLIAM HENRY: On Deep Space.
How did Neanderthal suddenly
erupt 35,000, 40,000 years ago
with this activated neocortex?
And the Egyptian
answer is, it was Ptah.
It was beings from Sirius
who came here and did this.
-- This week on Gaia.
WILLIAM HENRY: He found a
primitive being probably
wandering around and merged
some of the Sirian DNA
and out pops man.
-- On Cosmic Disclosure.
RICHARD C. DOTY:
These crafts have
to be thousands of years
more advanced than us.
I don't even think today
they can understand
how to fly some of them.
-- On Beyond Belief
with George Noory
BONNI MCCLISS: When you
get into the Akasha,
it allows you to go deeper into
your understanding of being
human and into this
state of oneness.
-- On the Awakening Conference.
THERESA BULLARD:
If we want to be
a part of a collective
shift, then we
have to do our work to
be part of that change
that we want to
see, as Gandhi said.
-- On Open Minds
with Regina Meredith.
MARLENE STEVEN BREMNER: I
went through a very dark night
of the soul, so I started to
teach myself how to oil paint.
And I was also deeply
immersed in my initial studies
of alchemy.
-- Only on Gaia.